Helmets & Hordes
Instruction Manual Text
Graham Schneider
05-JUNE-2017

Life in Middangeard was never easy, but the arrival of marauding hordes of Orcs has changed everything. But where some see only chaos and strife, others see opportunity! What's an unscrupulous treasure hunter to do? Why, take the battle to the bandits and claim their spoils as your own, of course!

Game Play
---------------
Use the A Button to swing your Longsword or Dagger or to activate a Helmet's special power.
Use the B Button or the Left Arrow to jump over obstacles and enemies. Pressing the A Button in midair will allow you to perform a downward slash when equipped with a Longsword or Dagger.
Press either the Up, Down or Right Arrow to pause the game.

Player
---------
Helena: a fearless warrior and treasure hunter out to make her fortune. First stop - the darkened halls of the Orcish Warlords!

Items
---------
Gold Bars: everyone knows you need a little bit of gold to get by in this world. And Helena? She aims to get by a little better than most!
Helmets: the Orcs have stolen a cache of magical relics that grant their wearer bizarre and potent abilities. The only problem? They can't fit them over their gigantic ears! Use their own spoils against them to carve a swath of slaughter!
Dagger: while lacking the reach of a good Longsword, this bite-sized blade is still handy in a pinch. Don't get caught without one!
Longsword: reach and reliability make this ___ the weapon of choice for bandits, brigands and brave battlers alike!
Armour: your best defence against the piercing pikes of the pitiless, pillaging Orcs.

Enemies & Hazards
---------
Orc Raiders - rough and tumble footsoldiers who are always spoiling for a scrap. They may be unarmed, but watch out - they pack a powerful punch!
Orc Spearmen - these battle-hardened brutes bare down on their foes with unflinching ferocity and a killer reach. To jump or not to jump? Choose wisely!
Bad Flame - the Orcish Warlords and their marauding hordes occupy what was once the seat of a great and malevolent spirit. The last vestiges of its evil power sputter and spit forth from the darkness through the very elements themselves.
Bad Weed - the site of an ancient evil can only bear witness to so many blood sacrifices before the roots that drink them in grow... foul.
Stone Heads - these graven idols were carved into standing stones that have stood watch over these darkened halls since time immemorial. They sling contemptuous curses at those passing by - that is, if they're all out of arrows. 
Spikes - the hordes of the Orcish Warlords have booby-trapped their new stomping grounds with these perilous pins - best be ready to jump! 


